Update README, docs (#347)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: docs/source/contributors/index.md

This page is intended for people interested in building new or modified functionality for Jupyter AI.

## Design principles

Maintainers of Jupyter AI have adopted principles that contributors should also follow. These principles, which build on top of [the Zen of Python](https://peps.python.org/pep-0020/), are intended to earn users' trust by keeping their data under their control. The following list is non-exhaustive; maintainers have discretion to interpret and revise these principles.

1. Jupyter AI is **vendor-agnostic**. Its chat and magic commands should work with models from all providers that have APIs available. We should avoid introducing features that rely exclusively on one model provider.
2. Jupyter AI **only responds to an explicit prompt**; it does not watch files and it does not send prompts automatically. Any change that watches user files must be opt-in only.
3. Jupyter AI is **transparent** with its chat prompts. The chat interface and magic commands use system messages and prompt templates that are open source, so that users know what gets sent to language models.

> 4. **We identify, in metadata,** which cells in a notebook were created as a result of `%%ai` magic commands.

Reviewer: Let's keep parity with the terms we use in our conference slides:

```suggestion
4. Jupyter AI is **traceable** and indicates its usage when generating any content that is persisted to disk. When Jupyter AI generates a notebook, the notebook contents indicate that the notebook was generated via Jupyter AI. When Jupyter AI magics are used in a notebook, the cell metadata indicate which output cells were generated via Jupyter AI magics.
```
